Add export log section in troubleshooting (#1853)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/troubleshooting.md

If you cannot find your issue here or in the documentation, please contact Gitpod via our [Support page](/support).

> ## Gitpod logs in VSCode Web
> 
> These logs contain information about the workspace, the session, and the Visual Studio Code environment. They are useful for diagnosing connection issues and other unexpected behavior.
> 
> - Open the Visual Studio Code Command Palette (`Shift + Command + P` (Mac) / `Ctrl + Shift + P` (Windows)) and type **Export logs**, select **Developer: Export all logs** from the list to download a zip file containing all the logs.
> 
> **Important:** The content of these logs should NOT be shared publicly as it could containt sensitive information from your workspace, instead send it to support@gitpod.io along with a link to a corresponding Github issue if needed.
> 

Reviewer: Just a quick editorial, otherwise I think the docs are enough, but maybe it would be nice to wrap the steps in a list and in its own subheading

```suggestion
## Gitpod logs in VS Code Web

These logs contain information about the workspace, the session, and the Visual Studio Code environment. They are useful for diagnosing connection issues and other unexpected behavior.

- Open the Visual Studio Code Command Palette (<kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> (Windows)) and type **Export logs**, select **Developer: Export all logs** from the list to download a zip file containing all of the logs.

**Important:** The content of these logs should **NOT** be shared publicly as they could contain sensitive information about your workspace. Instead, send it to support@gitpod.io along with a link to a corresponding GitHub issue if needed.

```

Author: Seems`<kbd>` is not supported in the website

Reviewer: Oh no 😄! But it's so gooood.

Reviewer: Oh it looks like it is indeed supported, from what I gather, but it does not have much styling attached to it. I think we should use it, though, for the sake of accessibility and using semantic HTML. 

We can probably contribute the styling as well - maybe even just copy the styles from `<code>`, which is currently being used as the render method of the backtics.

Reviewer: @nisarhassan12 what do you think about keyboard inputs looking like this?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29888641/161394622-4f8ea40b-18c7-4af6-aab6-7e148a733fed.png)
